# Get Help with a Project
Do you have a project that we can work on with you?

At SWB we are always looking to expand our list of collaborators and projects. If you are working in absolutely any field of international health and would benefit from working with an expert group of statisticians then we would love to hear from you.  Some examples of projects that we have worked on previously can be found here Past Projects  These projects include the design and analysis of epidemiological studies, the review of grant proposals for funding agencies in international health (health considered very broadly), and on-site training for current health projects or for the development of local staff. If you have any ideas for projects that fall within the general scope of statistics and international health we would love to talk further with you.  
  
## How to suggest a new project
To initiate a new project, please email the organizers of Statistics Without Borders at fisherjs@gmail.com with a brief outline describing who you are and the project that you would like help with. If you would like to talk to us more generally about ways we could help your organization, that is also fine. We will then assign a team of Statistics Without Borders volunteers to work on your project under an SWB project leader, and work with you to bring the project to fruition. If you have any questions about this process or with any rough ideas for a project, please email us at fisherjs@gmail.com and we’d love to talk to you. 

## The Role of Statistics in International Health
International Health covers a number of important fields including health policy (both nationally and internationally), the response to environmental disasters, and the study of health in developing nations. These activities are often hampered through a lack of resources and technical expertise where it is most needed. Statistics plays a vital role within International Health, where statistics can be defined as the ability to collect and interpret valid data describing the impact of a given health concern and its possible causes. Statistics Without Borders was established to meet the vast shortage of statistical expertise within the field of International Health.
